Previously on Star...
Principal Sportswear
just called.
They're looking for somebody
for their new ad campaign.
Now, I find the next big
thing, I make my name.
I'm-a go old school
like back in the day.
Or you could just look
right under your nose.
Let's get the hell out of here.
I said move, boy.
Sponsor called.
So they're ready
to make an offer?
Well, actually, they did.
Yeah, well, you know, Alex,
she's making a name for herself.
The question is, what
are you gonna do
to stand out?
- Am I gonna die?
- I'm not gonna let you die.
You drinking again?
This is the reason
Sound House was hesitant to work
with you in the first place.
- Are you Angel Rivera?
- What is it?
It's a letter from Immigration.
They denied my DACA application.
Alex, Alex.
- Alex.
- Right here.
Alex, what do you think
about the  Scoopish article?
So, Alex don't got time
to show up to our
studio session,
but she has time to
talk to the paparazzi?
Wow, what did Alex do now?
How do you feel
about Noah and Star's new duet?
Any beef between you two?
There's no beef. It was cute.
Cute? I got your cute.
What I want you all to focus on
is my new solo track.
I'm gonna collab
- with a dope-ass producer.
- Solo track?
So, without Take Three? The
other girls mad at you?
What solo song? Do
you know about this?
When's the last time you
talked with Noah? Alex...
Simone.
What's wrong with you?
Why are you paying attention
to that mess, anyway?
Don't we got
something to record?
I can't believe you don't care.
But I didn't come all this
way to be Alex's come-up.
Okay.
♪ But if you save
your love for me ♪
Well, I must say, Ms. Floyd,
it is good to have you
back at the helm.
Thank you, Jeff.
It's been a struggle
in the face of my father's
never-ending publicity storm.
But I'm primed to
elevate this label.
And you believe that, uh,
Noah Brooks can do that, huh?
We're halfway there.
Sound House has asked
to hear his album,
and a national tour's
around the corner.
They haven't come on board yet?
Don't worry. They'll
come on board.
Noah has to charm the
hell out of Sound House.
Kiss some ass. Work the room.
The Sound House reps will
be watching him closely.
Tonight's a game changer.
♪ Save your love ♪
♪ Save your love for me ♪
Um...
I-I just want to thank
everybody for believing in me.
I-I won't let you down.
I promise.
♪ Something different about me ♪
Well, I hope that's
true, young man.
So, this new album.
What's it called?
Well, it's, um...
it's called  The Truth.
♪ Let's make this a
legendary love ♪
♪ A legendary love ♪
You kill this party tonight,
you're gonna be selling
out arenas all summer.
♪ I wanna be your
shooting star ♪
♪ From super far, ooh... ♪
_
Who is it?
I said who is it?
Yeah, you getting some rest?
The hell's the matter with you?
Hey, Cotton, I'm
gonna call you back.
Why are you waving
that gun around, man?
What you want, man?
Your contract with Andy.
I'm gonna tear it up.
Yeah, right.
- Go ahead, take it.
- That don't matter now.
Angel, look, I'm just trying
to do the right thing.
- I'm being deported.
- Wait, what?
- Yeah.
- No, look,
I got to help you
figure this out.
No. You sound like
a broken record.
You can't help nobody.
You can't even help
your damn self.
My dad was right about
you this whole time.
You know what? I've always
loved you like a son, nephew.
All I ever wanted to do was
help you and your mother.
Don't bring Mom into this.
You know how you help me?
Stay out of my business.
That's all you got to do, man.
Angel.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Wow, you weren't lying.
Everybody and their
mama's coming tonight.
You really backed
up the money truck.
I'm putting every resource
Midtown has behind Noah.
- He deserves it.
- Well, it feels good
to finally be on the same side.
I know how instrumental you were
in helping Noah get
through his demons
to finish this album.
Thank you. I owe you.
Well, I can't take
all the credit.
Take Three also made
a lot of sacrifices
of their own to help
Noah get here, too.
Clearly they ain't just
talent show winners anymore.
They got hits, radio
play, growing fan base.
Where's this going, Carlotta?
I'd like you to revisit the
terms of their contract.
Let 'em know how valuable
they are at this label.
I'll give them an
album release date.
It's a good start.
But I know you can
do better than that.
What are your demands?
How much time you got?
Okay, first of all,
our budget is a third less
than any other breakout artist
on any other label.
I've done my research.
It takes money to
make money, Ayanna.
Set up a meeting with my team.
I see
your girls aren't the only
ones stepping up their game.
- How was that?
- Amazing.
You're amazing.
No, Noah,
I have not forgotten.
I will be at the listening
party right by your side.
I promise.
Okay. Okay, bye.
Welcome.
This recording session
started 45 minutes ago.
And how much of my part did
you sing while I was away?
Do you care? I heard
you were going solo.
- Can y'all stop, please?
- Listen up.
Good news.
I finally got Ayanna
to give us an album
release date.
Plus, I got her to
open up your contract
so we can renegotiate.
So now is the time
to be really clear
about what we want.
Easy. I want a guarantee
that I can do projects
outside of Take Three.
You're already doing that.
Yeah, but maybe we
should get it on paper
so you can stop
acting like a bitch
every time I'm given
an opportunity.
Maybe you should decide once
and for all if you're here
for Alexandra Crane
or Take Three.
'Cause if it's not Take
Three, why are you here?
This is not about you or you.
I'm in there
fighting for an entire group.
You know, it sure as hell
don't feel like one, Miss C.
You know what?
I think I'm done.
I think I'm really
done with Take Three.
I quit.
♪ I bring me ♪
♪ Get mine, 'bout
mine, go hard ♪
♪ Looking for another like me ♪
♪ Boy, stop ♪
♪ I bring me ♪
♪ Whose love is the tightest? ♪
♪ Whose kiss is the nicest? ♪
♪ Me ♪
♪ Whose touch is the rightest? ♪
♪ I bring, I bring me. ♪
- Synced & corrected by
MementMori - www.addic7ed.com...
- Where's this coming from?
- Look,
I haven't been happy in a while,
especially with those
two bitching nonstop.
- We can fix this, Simone.
- Can we get
a "no bitching" clause
in our contract, Miss C?
No, Simone, that
wouldn't even work.
Look, we have been at
each other's throats.
Maybe we should let go of
this whole girl group thing.
Let this whole girl
group thing go?
How can you say that
so easily, Simone?
Maybe you need to stop
overreacting to every damn thing
that happens in this group.
Oh, please.
Coming from you, that
sounds ridiculous.
Okay, you know what?
This is not my dream.
This is your dream.
I can't force y'all
to work this out.
You do what the hell
you want to do.
I'm-a be at the
hospital with Cotton.
We got some good news from UNOS.
- Yeah?
- Jayden got a kidney?
Not yet. But he has
been officially added
to the list as a priority.
"Priority." That means,
like, in a couple of days?
It's gonna be a few
weeks at least.
What if he doesn't
have a few weeks?
Jayden has to wait
for a matching donor organ
to become available.
But you said he
needs a transplant
- as soon as possible.
- I'm sorry.
But without a match available,
there's not much we
can do besides wait.
- What's up?
- Simone wants to leave the group.
Alex is acting
like Roland Crane.
I don't know what to do anymore.
It sounds like Alex is doing
exactly what I told
you she would.
The brands, the features.
She's been positioning herself
as a solo artist
for a while now.
Question is, why aren't you?
Look, I know you're trying
to make me go solo.
It's not just me.
It's right in your damn face.
We got some traction
on this article
we leaked on  Scoopish.
Now, you can either run with it
or continue to sit back
and watch Alex make
her way to the top.
This track is all you.
Trust me, you sing on this,
you're gonna give Alex and
Jackson a run for their money.
Jackson?
That's who Alex
been working with?
Okay.
Cassie.
Listen, why you calling
me 90,000 times if I...
I'm not dodging you.
Ca... I appreciate everything
you've done for me, okay?
I'm just not with that life.
Cassie?
Cassie, Carlotta's sister?
Man, where the hell
you popping up from?
Damn, boy. You know
you're dancing
with the devil there, right?
You know we fired you, right?
- She's no one to play with.
- Keep my business
out your mouth. Can
you do that for me?
What y'all beefing about now?
Oh, nothing.
Just checking in on my guy here.
Just remember he means well.
I mean well.
Look, I'm just trying
to tie up loose ends.
Jahil, I don't care what
you're here to tie up.
We've had to start everything
over because of you.
Do you understand, ever
since you came around,
- you've ruined everything, all right?
- Look out!
Andy, get down!
You okay?
Stay down, just-just stay down.
- Stay down, okay?
- I'm good.
Lottie, I'm good.
Andy, are you good?
- Stay down, stay down.
- I'm-I'm good.
Get me a blanket.
Can somebody call an ambulance?
Come on.
- Okay.
- 911...
- I-I can get up, I-I'm o...
- You good. You good.
- You good. You good. You good.
- I know, I'm good.
Put some pressure on this.
- I'm all right.
- Stay down, baby.
Stay down, baby. You okay, baby.
All them bullets, and
I just got grazed.
You sure you don't want
to have this looked at?
Come on, girl. You
know I got nine lives.
All right.
Hold that there.
So...
who's trying to kill you now?
Maggie?
It don't matter.
They didn't kill me.
Yeah, well, they might have.
Yeah.
Yeah, that should do it.
Yep.
Yeah, okay.
♪ Oh... ♪
♪ It's been such ♪
- ♪ A long, long time ♪
- S-Stop.
I don't want to waste
any more time.
What are you doing?
Lottie,
you are my heart.
- Boy, shut up.
- And no matter who
came into our lives before,
you know they don't
match what we had.
Not Pastor Harris.
Not Maurice.
Not Ayanna?
Nobody.
♪ Oh, honey ♪
♪ Just the mention
of your name ♪
♪ Just your name ♪
♪ Turns the flick... ♪
You know, I ain't gonna let ICE
just take you away.
Why don't you just answer?
Because it's Miss Carlotta.
I ain't got nothing
to say to her.
So that's it?
You're just giving
up on Take Three?
Yeah, well, music wasn't
really my dream, you know?
I did it for Star.
Yeah, but somewhere along the
way, you fell in love with it.
No.
I fell in love with you.
Yeah?
Mm-hmm.
I realized there's more to
life than chasing fame.
You know?
That ain't me.
Angel, let's get out of here.
What do you mean? Run away?
I got Immigration on my back.
Well, not if they
can't find you.
Okay, you're crazy.
I'm serious.
Are you in or not?
When are we leaving, Bonnie?
As soon as you can
pack your bag, Clyde.
Ooh!
Big ballin', huh?
Heard you and Selena
are moving out.
Is my grandma telling everybody?
Your Big Mama used to be
the neighborhood gossip
and the neighborhood watch, too.
But it looks like we need
a little bit more of
that around here.
I know that's right. I mean,
I've been putting up flyers,
- talking to folks.
- I know,
but I wish we could do
something more permanent.
Help folks on parole
get some jobs.
You know, get people off the streets.
If you down.
No, I'm down. I'm always trying
to be a part of the solution.
So whatever the
hustle is, I'm in.
All right. Then we partners.
- We partners.
- Cool.
You know, I almost
didn't come, Ayanna.
This place is starting
to look like Death Row
instead of Midtown Sound.
Excuse me.
Yo, this is my party, and
I got to be searched?
I'm not trying to take
any chances after
what happened to Jahil.
Have you heard anything?
Yeah, Carlotta says he's fine.
Says I should just
focus on this party.
Lena from Sound House
is in the front row.
You need to impress her.
- You seen Alex?
- Not now. It's showtime.
- Yo, what up, Noah?
- Let's get it.
Welcome, everyone, to The
Truth album release party.
We got Noah Brooks
in the hot seat.
That's Noah!
What was the inspiration
for this album?
Well, uh, my inspiration was...
It was...
I-I'm sorry.
What-what was the question?
Your inspiration.
Um...
Yeah, man, I love your work.
I'm Alexandra Crane, by the way.
- Okay.
- I'm looking to collab
on my new solo track.
You got a sick voice,
just like your old man.
Sellout like her daddy, too.
You just love to pop up
uninvited, don't you?
We're about to lose our girl
group, and you're over here
trying to be America's
Next Top Feature Ho.
- Oh, me?
- Yeah.
I've always been
loyal to Take Three.
Till you weren't.
Anyway...
We, uh, saw your performance
in New Orleans.
What was behind that?
It seemed so personal.
- Uh...
- Noah was inspired by his father.
Yeah, my-my father.
Um, I-I don't exactly like
talking about my family,
but my music...
Has a connection to your family.
People like to know
their artists.
Can you get off my back
about my dad, please?
C-Can I... can I...
- can I get some water real quick?
- Sure, take your time.
Are you okay?
I'm good, I'm good.
♪ Tonight ♪
♪ I can take it all away ♪
♪ Make somebody say,
make somebody say. ♪
Damn.
You know, I should be at
Noah's listening party.
Instead...
You know you want this.
Wow, this is crazy.
Who would've thought
we'd be here?
Again.
I always knew.
That's why I still
got paper on you.
It's why you never
asked for a divorce.
You know, I still got that ring.
Mrs. Rivera.
Now, you know...
you ain't supposed...
to call me that.
That was a night of
drunken truth or dare.
That we never undid.
Hey.
You want to do something
crazy, for old times' sake?
Jahil, I'm not flexible
like I used to be.
We can't try that.
- Girl, I ain't talking about that.
- You can't even do that one.
Although, you know what...
I know. I mean, I
would try, I suppose.
Get dressed.
I want to take you somewhere.
Okay.
This group is about
to fall apart,
and I'm the only one who cares.
It's my whole life, and they act
like they could do without me.
Star, look...
Take it to the booth.
You're right.
♪ ♪
From the top.
♪ Yeah, yeah, y'all know me ♪
♪ You know like I know ♪
♪ I done been alone
since I been me ♪
♪ Then we turned
friends to a family ♪
♪ Tell me why it feels
like we enemies now ♪
♪ Everybody gettin'
hard feelings ♪
♪ Everybody want
to tell secrets ♪
♪ Somebody should've told
me, need to Take Three ♪
♪ See, I grew up
stealin' in Pittsburgh ♪
♪ Mama died young
so I been learned ♪
♪ I remember when they
came and got my sister ♪
♪ I told 'em I would
kill just to get her ♪
♪ I really kept my word,
I got Simone back ♪
♪ Pulled up to the "A,"
got our life on track ♪
♪ How you let a man take
your mind off that? ♪
♪ How you talkin' 'bout
me behind my back? ♪
♪ I guess killin' for
you ain't enough ♪
♪ Guess water is
thicker than blood ♪
♪ I remember I was there
for you bitches ♪
♪ I remember I was
down for you bitches ♪
♪ Yeah, when nobody
cared for you bitches ♪
♪ I remember I was there
for you bitches ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ You know like I know,
you know like I know ♪
♪ You know like I know, baby ♪
♪ You know like I know,
you know like I know ♪
♪ You know like I know, baby ♪
♪ Y'all know me ♪
♪ When you tried to
shake the drank ♪
♪ Who was wit' you
through the pain? ♪
♪ When they took
your homie's life ♪
♪ Say, who held you
when you cried? ♪
♪ No, it wasn't for the music,
it wasn't for the fame ♪
♪ That there was for real,
but you won't say my name ♪
♪ Well, I'll say your name, see,
Noah Brooks, that was bae ♪
♪ That was my hand, by the
way, 'fore you get mad ♪
♪ I had it before Miss Crane,
but she didn't know it was me ♪
♪ I told her the truth,
but she ain't care ♪
♪ You know she got a man
at home in a wheelchair? ♪
♪ You took it too far, let
me remind you who you are ♪
♪ Since everybody
want to hate Star ♪
♪ I remember I was there
for you bitches ♪
♪ I remember I was
down for you bitches ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ When nobody cared
for you bitches ♪
♪ I remember I was there
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ You know like I know,
you know like I know ♪
♪ You know like I know, baby ♪
♪ You know like I know,
you know like I know ♪
♪ You know like I know, baby ♪
♪ Y'all know me ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, y'all know me. ♪
Since you want to go solo.
Felt good, right?
- Felt good. Did it sound good?
- Are you kidding me?
Look, I've been doing
this a long time.
That hook alone,
it was raw, it was fresh.
And who knew you had bars?
Yo, you got to
listen for yourself.
All right.
♪ Water is thicker than blood ♪
♪ I remember I was there
for you bitches ♪
♪ I remember I was down
for you bitches... ♪
I told you.
That hook is kind of crazy.
- Right?
- The hook's kinda hard.
You did that.
♪ I remember I was there
for you bitches ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
It sounds good. It does.
But I didn't come in here for all this.
I came in here
to vent, get some
stuff off my chest,
not record a diss track.
Diss tracks have
launched many careers.
And, besides, you need
to let everyone know
that Alex ain't the
only one with talent.
That's what they think?
Yeah.
♪ Say, who held you
when you cried? ♪
But I'll let you make the call.
♪ It wasn't for the fame,
that there was for real ♪
Drop it.
♪ I'll say your name, see,
Noah Brooks, that was bae ♪
♪ That was my hand, by the... ♪
♪ I got a feeling ♪
♪ I got a feeling on the real ♪
♪ I mean, we chillin'... ♪
I really don't think
anyone noticed.
I went off about my dad.
I wasn't exactly charming.
Everything about
you is charming.
How do you think you got me?
What happened to being
by my side tonight?
I know.
I just started
talking to DJ Dash
about music and my solo track,
and Star's hypocritical
ass flew in.
- Things just got crazy.
- Yeah, they did, huh?
Really, no. I hope
it was worth it.
Congrats.
Noah.
♪ They don't know... ♪
Noah!
- Come on. Hey.
- Come on. All right.
Stop squirming, you
got to trust me.
- What?
- All right.
Where are we? What are we doing?
What we do best.
Keep your eyes closed.
- Keep 'em closed.
- They're closed. Look.
I'm gonna play you something
that I've been working on.
♪ ♪
Huh?
Is this the old studio?
Wait a minute, is that...?
Yep. That's the first
demo we every worked on.
I put a little remix on it.
You like it?
Yeah, it sounds good.
- Jahil, why are we here?
- I told you, girl.
I got big plans for us.
Lottie, it's always been you.
I love you.
You're too sweet.
Ah.
You're so silly.
What's the matter?
Why you stopping?
You're bleeding.
He's bleeding out.
We need two liters
of O-neg, stat.
Somebody pack while I clamp.
I know you're in shock,
but any information could
help us catch the shooter.
Get down!
Oh, my God, you're hit.
Stay down. Somebody call 911!
Come on, put some
pressure on it.
Just-Just push down
on it real hard.
- Carlotta, what you want me to do?
- Call 911!
No, just stay down, stay
down, honey, stay down.
Jahil, you hit.
Please, baby, just stay down.
The paramedics rushed him
straight into the OR.
He's been in surgery ever since.
But I know he's gonna be fine.
- Ma'am...
- Don't.
Please don't touch me.
He's gonna be fine.
What's going on? I
thought he was okay.
So, Mama downplayed the
surgery because she didn't
want us to worry.
Apparently, he has
a heart condition
that only she knows about.
So what are they saying?
It's touch and go right now.
He's currently in surgery.
Is it bad?
It wasn't,
but they can't
stop the bleeding.
Is Angel here?
- Does he know?
- He does.
He just blames Jahil
for everything
that happened between
him and Andy, so...
Jahil's gonna be fine.
He's... it's Jahil.
What about Carlotta?
How's she holding up?
Let me go check on her.
- Yeah.
- Yo, I'm telling you,
he's gonna be back at our door
tomorrow, trying to manage us.
It's always about music
for you, ain't it?
Don't you want something
more than that?
Simone, I don't even
know what that means.
I'm about to go get some coffee.
- Y'all want some?
- I'm good.
I'm gonna try Angel
one more time.
Look out!
Andy, get down!
- Call 911!
- Andy, are you good?
- I'm-I'm good. You...
- Somebody call 911!
Call an ambulance, please!
I know it's all in
your hands, God.
Help me to stay strong, please.
How much can we take?
How's Jayden?
He's still waiting.
But he's hanging in there.
Come on, let's pray. You go.
Mm-mm. Look, Mama,
it's been too long.
God don't want to hear from me.
God ain't got no watch.
Dear God,
please heal my family
and protect my mama.
In Jesus' name.
Amen.
Hey, C.
How he doing?
He out of surgery, but
they ain't saying much.
Oh, God.
What y'all sitting round
here looking so worried for?
You know ain't nothing
that man can't overcome.
You know, Mexicans
real resilient.
Peruvian.
Same.
- Mmm. You look beat up.
- Thanks for coming.
Always.
He gonna be good. Be all right.
Uh, ma'am, you can go in now.
Thank you.
Hey, man, you really need to get
your ass down here right now.
I understand, man.
Listen, Angel.
Whatever it is, y'all
need to squash it.
Get here.
Hello?
What did he say?
He hung up.
I, uh... I'm gonna
call him back.
Jahil?
Lottie.
I'm right here.
It's...
it's always been you.
I...
I love you.
Jahil? Jahil.
Jahil!
Ma'am.
- Jahil!
- Code blue!
Wake up, baby. Come on. Please.
Jahil.
You need to leave the room.
Pulse ox is dropping.
Ma'am, let the doctors...
Patient's decompressing.
- Unfortunately, Mr. Rivera's heart
- No.
Couldn't withstand the surgery.
- Don't you say that.
- He didn't...
Don't you say that.
No. No.
No.
- No.
♪ At times ♪
♪ I wish that I
could take back ♪
♪ The times ♪
♪ I made you feel real bad ♪
♪ Now you ♪
♪ Why you? ♪
I just had to get
my head straight.
Where's he at?
♪ Darling... ♪
What's going on?
♪ I should've ♪
♪ Said I love the memory ♪
No.
Hey.
♪ Given all of the
world to see ♪
♪ But you... ♪
No.
The stress on his heart
from the massive loss of
blood was just too much.
I'm sorry about your husband.
But his kidney was a
perfect match for Jayden.
♪ 'Cause there are
so many stories... ♪
I'll give you a few moments, Mrs.
Rivera.
♪ You were going to tell me ♪
♪ And now all of these moments ♪
♪ I will never get to see ♪
♪ How... ♪
Mama, they found a match.
Jayden has a donor.
♪ Now... ♪
Ma...
I know, baby.
No.
♪ Won't get a chance
to say it... ♪
Oh, no.
Mama.
Jahil said he wasn't
gonna let Jayden die.
He kept his word.
I love you.
- Hey.
You know, it doesn't
have to be so awkward
every time we see each other.
Life is way too short for that.
Yeah.
You're right. I mean,
Jahil...
nobody expected that.
I've been seeing what
you've been up to lately.
Proud of you.
You're not looking
too bad yourself.
It's good to see
you on your feet.
You know, if you ever
need anything, Alex...
I'm right here.
For real.
Hi... Lena.
I've been expecting your call.
Have you heard anything
from Sound House?
Nothing. I should have heard
something back by now.
I'm sure you'll hear
back from them soon.
Stop. I messed up.
I-I really needed you
there that night.
Yeah, and I'm sorry.
Yeah. You were too focused
on your own hustle.
I just wanted to get
back to being me.
That's all, man.
My bad.
Have you been drinking again?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
This cannot be happening.
No, no.
Okay, but...
wha-what are you doing?
You're drunk. Pull over.
And do what? Get a DUI?
Man, my career will be over...
Noah, pull the
damn car over now!
What up? This is Noah.
Make it short and sweet.
Noah, I have great news.
You're getting your
own headline tour
financed by Sound House.
Looks like your luck
has turned around.
Noah Brooks is finally on top.
Congratulations.
License and
registration, please.
Where you headed?
To bury a friend?
Well, keep it safe, and, uh, get
those tints removed, all right?
I'll be sure to do that.
Thank you.
I can't believe I just did that.
♪ ♪
Jahil.
He spoke Spanish.
He spoke English.
But everybody know his
first language was hustle.
He was always like that
since we was kids.
I mean, who else could
take a black girl
and a white girl
from the hood and...
make 'em a hit record?
We fought a lot,
but he was my rock.
He could make me
so mad sometimes
and then turn right
around and...
just have me laughing.
Jahil was not a man who did
the right thing all the time,
but he had the right heart.
That's my ride or die.
And I ain't never gonna love
another man like I loved him.
But luckily, his
legacy will live on...
through his daughter Cotton
and through his grandson Jayden,
who is recovering
from surgery right now.
A little fighter...
just like his grandfather.
And through his nephew,
Angel Rivera...
who would-would like
to say a couple words.
♪ ♪
I'm having a hard time
trying to figure out what
I would like to say.
Could you play "Soon
and Very Soon"?
♪ Soon and very soon ♪
♪ We are going to see the King ♪
♪ Soon and... ♪
♪ Soon and very soon ♪
♪ We are going to see the King ♪
♪ Hallelujah, hallelujah ♪
♪ Soon and very soon ♪
♪ We are going to see the King ♪
♪ Hallelujah, hallelujah ♪
♪ Soon and very soon ♪
♪ We are going. ♪
Why you ducking me, boy?
Hey, what's wrong with you?
It's not the time or
the place for this.
First of all, watch your tone
before I knock your
teeth out your mouth.
Did you really think that I was
gonna let your black ass skate
after you hit me for 15 Gs?
You really want to
do this right now?
Give me my money, or
next time we won't miss.
And it'll be your
munchkin ass in that box
going to see the King.
Mwah.
Can't believe he's
actually gone.
One minute, he was
snorting coke.
Drinking a bottle of Scotch.
Finding out about another
relative he didn't know he had.
Yeah.
Yeah, like when we met online?
You...
became the sister I never had.
Ho-ish sister,
but... still.
But she ain't wrong.
We should talk, guys.
Yo, Maurice, it's me.
I talked to the girls,
and we're all good.
Take Three is the
priority for us.
Delete that diss track.
Natalie, I need to drop a track...
tonight.
- You sure you got this, son?
- Yeah, I got it.
Angel Rivera,
you are to be detained by U.S.
Immigration and
Customs Enforcement.
I'm gonna ask you
folks to step aside.
Yeah, I know what
you're doing here.
Uh, could I just bury
my uncle, please?
- We don't wait on criminals.
- He's not a criminal.
- Let him bury his uncle.
- Get off me, man.
- Hey, man, get off me.
- No, no, no, no, no.
- Get off me! Stop it!
- No, no, no. Please!
- Get off me!
- No, no, no, no, no!
- Get off me.
- Have some respect.
- No, no, no, no. No.
- Step aside, people.
No. No, no, no. Angel.
- You can't take him.
- Simone.
- No, no, no. No, Angel!
- Simone, Simone...
Where are you taking him?
- Don't take him!
- It's okay.
Angel, look at me!
We gonna figure it out.
- Don't you...
- No, no, no, no!
They can't take away Angel!
No. No!
No, please!
Angel! No!
Angel.
No.
- I can't do this anymore.
- I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, baby.
- Synced & corrected by
MementMori - www.addic7ed.com...
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org